Deprecates Navigation.UserMenu (#887)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Navigation/README.md

| avatarInitials | AvatarProps['initials'] | The merchant’s initials, rendered in place of an avatar image when not provided                         |
| avatarSource   | AvatarProps['source']   | An avatar image representing the merchant                                                               |

### Deprecation rationale

> As of release 3.4.1 `Navigation.UserMenu` will be deprecated in favor of [`TopBar.UserMenu`](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/structure/top-bar#top-bar-menu). `TopBar.UserMenu` will stay visible on mobile with the updated `TopBar` layout.

Reviewer: Just flagging this version number to be updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of release 3.x.x `Navigation.UserMenu` is deprecated in favor of [`TopBar.UserMenu`](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/structure/top-bar#top-bar-menu). `TopBar.UserMenu` will stay visible on mobile with the updated `TopBar` layout.
```
